## Version 2.0.0

In this version  functions and some arguments were renamed so as to provide a more accurate terminology. There were also some minor changes in the documentation.

### Breaking changes

* HDR    renamed to HSD      (Honeycomb Selection Design)

* HDNR0  renamed to HSD0     (Honeycomb Selection Design 0 control plants)

* HDNR1  renamed to HSD1     (Honeycomb Selection Design 1 control plants)

* HDNR3  renamed to HSD3     (Honeycomb Selection Design 3 control plants)

* R_gen  renamed to E_gen    (Entry generate)

* R      renamed to E        (Entry)

## Version 2.1.0

### Changes in the output of the analysis() function:

* Round the numbers appearing in data frames generated by the analysis function to 4 digits

* Mean renamed to E_Mean

* sd renamed to E_sd

* HI renamed to E_HI

* PYI and mPYI renamed to PYE and mPYE respectively

* Grand mean of the plot added in the return list

## Version 2.2.0

### Additions in the result of analysis() function:

* An extra data frame containing the Grand Mean, the Coefficient of Variation and the Standard Deviation of the trial (applying in the analysis of the the types of designs).

* An extra data frame containing the number of plants, the mean,the Coefficient of Variance and the standard deviation 
for the HSD00, HSD01, HSD03 selection designs. Those quantities refer to the Controls and the rest plants as a whole.

## Version 2.2.1

### Fix the second data frame of the analysis() function  result.

* When there is NA in the data the CV, Mean and sd are no longer NA.

* CV show as % percentage. 


## Version 2.3.2


### Additions on the return list of analysis() 

* Added the ring size and the number of plants used for CRS estimation

* CRS is not displayed if a number is not provided


### Addidion in HSD() function

* An extra parameter named control added. If true the design is treated as one with a control plant 
in the place of the max entry.

## Version 2.3.3

* Minor changes in the documentation were made.

## Version 2.3.4

* The CRS is now calculated from the plants  having the best PYI 
* GYI, GPE, ring (argument in "analyse()" function) and Ring (row name) were renamed to EYI, EPE, ring and Ring.